---

layout: post
title: Simon的翻转课堂003-雅思评分标准流利度
category: 英语
tags: English
keywords: 
description: 

---

Fluency and coherence

## 7分标准

- speaks at length without noticeable effort or loss of coherence
- may demonstrate language-related hesitation at times, or some repetition and/or self-correction
- uses a range of connectives and discourse markers with some flexibility

frequent and common mistakes

----------

- No willingness to speak at length
- speak with noticeable efforts
- hesitation/self-correction/repetition
- Not coherently linked with connectives
- what is "discourse markers"? 话语标记语


### No willingness to speak at length

Are you a student or do you work?

A:I am a student(waiting for the next)

B:Well,currently,I am still a junior student studying at Peking University,majoring in computer science and specialising in computer vision and machine learning.

Why do you want to go to Milan?

A: I love to go to Milan very much,because there are a lot of delicious food and I can watch a soccer game as well, and I want to see the buildings there too.

B:I consider that `Milan` is a (perfect vocation destination) for the following ressons.

The `biggest` reason is that I am able to taste a range of (original Italian cuisines),including pizza,spaghetti,pepperoni and so on.

Besides,as a (die-hard fan) of (AC Milan),watching a (live soccer game) at (San Siro stadium) has always been my `dream`.

One more to mention, those (magnificent architectures) like (Cathedrals and Opera house) would be (so breathtaking) to visit.

That's `why` I must go there.

### Hesitation/self-correction/repetition

Speaking without noticeable effort

Normally speaking,I'd like to listen to (a variety of music),including pop,rock,light music and so on, especially when I take `subway`,I always listen to musice with my `earphone` to (kill time) and have a (relaxing mood).

(the key is 5w)

### Not coherently linked with connectives

It is utterly normal when your brain is laid behind of your mouth!

Connectives will help you link your ideas and gap those blank moments.

B:Well,`speaking of` my favorite singer,`I suppose` there are heaps of names in my mind, `but the first one` coming up into my mind is always Adele, `although` she is pretty young,now she is a mum,`and besides`,`apart from` singing,`she is also talented` in other parts of performing a song,`additionally`,her music is very powerful,`by this I mean`,I would feel excited every time I listen to her music.

### what is "discourse markers"? 

signposting interviewers with directions

Do you prefer eating at home or eating at restaurant?

`Well,personally`,I guess restaurant is a better option,`simply because` I can try a range of food, `such as` Pizza,hotpot,steak,Peking Roast duck and so on;`Conversely`,`If I chose` to eat at home,`probably I could only` have some homemade food,`which is kind of` monotonous[mə'nɒt(ə)nəs]/boring;`so` restaurant is my preference.
