---

layout: post
title: Simon的翻转课堂001-雅思怎么考
category: 英语
tags: English
keywords: 
description: 

---

## Confirmation

- What is your full name?
- Where are you from?
- Can I see your identifification please?

## PART1(4-5mins)

- Warming-up Q&A
- 3X4 questions(30/50)
- What/where/when/who/why/how/often

### Most FAQ

- Major or work 

Are you a student or do you work?

Where/why/Is your major popular?

- Hometown or housing

Where/what/how long/why

- Hobbies or interests

Do you like ... ?

How often/where/who/why

- Lifestyle

Do you know how to ...?

Do you prefer ... or ... ?

Is ... important?

## PART 2(1+1-2mins)

Thanks, now let's go to part two, in this part, I am going to give you a topic, and I'd like you to talk about it for 1-2 minntes, before that, you hace 1 minute to think about what to say, here is a pencil and a piece of paper.

Here is your topic

----------

Describe a place in foreign country you would like to visit

- Where is it
- When do you want to do 
- What will you do when you go there 
- Why do you want to visit this place

## PART 3 (4-5mins)

Thanks, now, let's go to part 3, in this part, I am going to ask you some more general questions and have a discussion with you that are related to this topic.

- Why do people travel in your country?
- When people travel, what kind of aspect do they have to spend money on?
- How has people's way of spending holidays changed over the past years in your counrty?
- What are the advantages and disadvantages of traveling with a guided group?
- What kind of difficults will a traveler have if they go to abroad?
- Is tourism always a good thing for places?

## THE END

Thank you, that's the end of the IELTS speaking test.

Thank you for your time, have a good one.
